item.fickleerica.name=Ericácea Voluble
item.poormelissa.name=Pobre Melisa
item.jiltedanemone.name=Anémona Plantada
item.zephyr.name=Céfiro
item.standalone.name=Independiente
item.reticence.name=Reticencia
item.finalweapon.name=Arma Final
item.tranchant.name=Trinchador
item.infinity.name=Infinidad
item.thefool.name=El Loco
item.testerzero.name=Prueba Cero
item.calmant.name=Carmín
item.crux.name=Quid
item.falsetheory.name=Teoría Falsa
item.precision.name=Precisión
item.productone.name=Primer Producto
item.dragonreign.name=Reino del Dragón
item.sunrise.name=Amanecer
item.inquisition.name=Inquisición
item.killerbee.name=Abeja Asesina
item.orage.name=Tormenta
item.eruption.name=Erupción
item.indigo.name=Índigo
item.lumineuse.name=Luminosa
item.irregulier.name=Irregular
item.aggression.name=Agressión
item.twilight.name=Crepúsculo
item.blackprimer.name=Cartilla Negra
item.whitetome.name=Tomo Blanco
item.tourbillon.name=Torbellino
item.hallowedlotus.name=Loto Sagrado
item.loftygerbera.name=Gerbera Elevada
item.aegis.name=Égida
item.hyperion.name=Modelo Hyperion
item.ignition.name=Ignición
item.themagician.name=El Mago
item.diamondshield.name=Escudo Diamante
item.cryoliteshield.name=Escudo Criolita
item.omegatrinity.name=Trío Omega
item.contrivance.name=Artimaña
item.empiricism.name=Empirismo
item.quietbelladonna.name=Belladona en Paz
item.ferriswheel.name=Norias
item.moulinrouge.name=Moulin Rouge
item.inferno.name=Infierno
item.dreamshield.name=Escudo de Ensueño
item.finestfantasy13.name=Fabula Totalis 13
item.sequoia.name=Sequoya
item.colossus.name=Coloso
